Look over there!
I got it good.
You got lucky, motherfucker.
Hey, what do you think it is?
I'll open it.
- Hector.
- What, boss?
- Check everything.
- Yes.
Take it out.
Motherfucker, it's heavy!
Something heavy is inside.
Why don't you shoot it already, man?
We don't know what's inside.
You want me to get the lock cutters?
Go!
Miss, let's talk.
What the fuck do you got in here?
All your fucking shoes and bags?
How is Hector?
This is Hector's truck, no?
Yes.
May I join you?
That's really spicy.
Fucking gringa bitch!
Relax! She just arrived in the country.
She didn't mean it.
I'll fuck her up!
Come on, chill.
We don't want any problems.
Abril, what did I tell you
about reading this trash?!
It's not.
You hid them under your bed, didn't you?
- Go wash the dishes!
- You don't have to yell at me, okay?
Just stop this shit!
Do you want an Olympic medal?
Don't worry, I'll be there.
Yes, I'll leave shortly.
Okay, bye.
Did you lose something, lady?
Take the lady to the toilet.
If you turn it off again,
I'll kick your...
This is uncle Julio's
new gringa girlfriend.
She needs to use the toilet.
Hello.
Follow me.
I'm not gonna beg. Come here.
I won't hurt you.
Grandpa. Grandpa.
This is Julio's new gringa girlfriend.
She's very pretty, no?
A gringa...
A very good catch!
Do you really need to do that?
He's dead, for Christ's sake.
This fucker got my sister pregnant,
then laughed in her face.
Look who's laughing now.
Sorry I'm late. What do we have?
We found three cartel scumbags
near a smugglers' crashed plane.
- Killed in the crash?
- No.
They most likely arrived
on the scene after the crash.
Whoever was in the plane killed them
and got away.
Fuck.
This is Chief Santiago's
brother-in-law, Hector.
Shit, I didn't recognize him.
The Chief is going to go crazy.
We better ask around,
see if there have been
any new faces in town.
Did you find anything in the plane?
They took whatever they were
carrying with them.
Except what's on the table,
military rations
and a flight manual
in some foreign language.
Where's the gringa?
She's in the bathroom, throwing up.
Stop it! Lucas, give me
the arepa! It's mine!
Sit down!
If he has five arepas,
why does he have to take mine?
Drop it! Why can't we ever have
a peaceful breakfast in this house?
- Idiot.
- What did you say?
Nothing.
Mom?
How do you say orgasmo in English?
What?
Orgasmo in English.
Where did you hear that word?
- In a class.
- A class?
No, no, no. You're too young
for these things, Abril.
Do you even know what that means?
It's when a volcano explodes!
That's my boy!
That's so stupid.
An orgasm is the feeling
when a boy and girl fall in love.
That's a lie!
They're in love.
There is love everywhere.
Didn't you say we didn't know anything?
Once we're in the air, this life
will be behind you.
He will never find you.
Phoenix.
Look at you now.
She woke up.
Bring her a glass of water.
Hello.
Nice to meet you.
You were very dehydrated.
Damn, how do I say it?
Stop being so nosy.
Thank you, Raul.
Tonight I will officially be
a grown woman.
No. That will happen
when you make your own bed.
Red for you, and yellow, right? Yellow.
You have to put it on.
You need to eat too.
You have to try my mom's ají!
It's very good.
Why is everything
always about the señoritas?
I hope the baby is a boy.
The gringa has Latin blood in her veins.
A woman who likes it spicy
is good in the sack.
Boyfriend?
- Yes, my boyfriend.
- What boyfriend, huh?
- He's my boyfriend.
- No, he's not.
You're too young to have a boyfriend.
No, I'll be right there.
What is it?
They arrested two men involved
in the plane crash.
Bye, father.
Kids, please.
My Julio is my favorite son.
Be good to him, or else.
Papa...
he's your only son.
Well?
Nothing. They swear they know nothing
about the plane.
They say they're tourists traveling
through Colombia, hitchhiking.
Gringos.
Take him.
Go ahead.
Good morning! How can I help you?
How much is it?
Not for sale.
It needs a new head gasket.
Expensive and takes time.
How long?
Three or four days, or more.
Ten thousand. 24 hours.
Don't worry, pretty lady. I'll fix it.
All good.
I have 40 hours of video.
The De La Cruz cartel
is using the department
as its personal death squad.
Chief Santiago is receiving orders
from Gabriela De La Cruz.
How many men are involved?
Twelve.
They all have blood on their hands.
Even me.
Santiago's a sadistic pig.
He needs to be brought to justice,
and now we have proof.
You did good, Julio.
Internal Affairs will be happy,
as well as our partners in the CIA.
Is this a copy?
Yes.
I want protection for my family.
And entry into the United States.
Of course, as promised.
- But it will take time.
- How long?
- A month.
- A month?
You disappoint me, Officer Peron.
You have betrayed your brothers.
You are not my brothers.
You're fucking animals.
Maybe so. Maybe so.
But the truth is...
we are the lions
at the top of the food chain.
And this is our den.
I have to say,
you must have big balls
to make those recordings.
That is why...
your balls...
I will remove first.
And when I am done,
these men...
will all take a piece.
A finger.
A hand.
A foot.
So if you want to save your family...
you're gonna tell me...
where the copies are.
And if you refuse, it's all right.
These men will go to your house,
and in front of the little kids,
they will rape your niece
and your pregnant sister.
And I can assure you,
they will suffer terrible deaths.
And nobody can stop me.
Lucas, take your sister into the kitchen
and stay there.
No matter what happens.
Hey, we got the laptop.
Good. Did they get the message?
Yes, sir, they got it.
Good. Good.
- Navarro?
- Yes?
Show those fuckers at Internal Affairs
who they're messing with.
Kill them all.
Yes, sir.
Let's move!
Bastard motherfuckers!
Fucking bitch!
Where is everyone?
They're at the house, sir.
If they're at the house,
then why are you here?
They're dead.
All dead.
Did you get the computer?
Martinez had it.
Motherfucker!
How could this happen?
We were attacked, Commander.
Some gringa bitch came out of the house.
Navarro gave the order
and the next thing I know...
she's firing on us
and it all went to hell!
A gringa?
Are you fucking kidding me?
Chago, let's go.
Commander!
She killed six men in broad daylight.
Cut us down like nothing.
Very well. Enrico, stay with Sanchez.
Chago, close the road to the house.
Nobody gets in or out!
Where are you going, Commander?
I want to meet this crazy fucking gringa.
Stop! Stop! Stop!
What's going on, officer?
You can't come through here.
I'm a doctor and here to visit
the Fuentes family.
Is everything okay?
They're dead.
It was a cartel hit.
So, turn around.
What do you mean dead?
I have to see the family.
Nobody needs a doctor anymore. Understand?
Now get out of here,
or you're gonna need a doctor,
motherfucker.
Go!
I need you to come.
Please.
She wants to talk to you.
I know...
You see, Commander, I was not lying.
Round up the rest of the officers.
I want everyone here pronto.
I'll call headquarters to send
additional reinforcements.
Are you serious?
Because of some fucking gringa.
This is no ordinary gringa.
Commander Santiago,
the reinforcements have arrived.
They await your orders.
Very good. I'll be right there.
Papa, you're scaring the kids.
Children, why don't you go--
Thank you for being here
on short notice.
Hopefully, we can get this over quickly,
so you can go home.
Officer Chago will lead the operation.
Officer Chago.
The location is a house,
approximately 500 meters south of here.
I will take the first team
and advance from the front.
Second team, led by Officer Enrico,
will approach the rear of the house.
Our main threat is a gringa.
Don't be fooled,
she's already killed six officers
and should be considered
extremely dangerous.
Once the house
has been cleared of all threats,
we will find and retrieve a laptop
from this fucking house.
- Understand?
- Yes, sir!
You must remember.
She is a cop killer.
So take no prisoners.
When I say take no prisoners.
I mean take no prisoners.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
This was my son.
Understand?
I stay here.
And I will fight.
Commander.
Units one and two in position.
Ready to move on your order.
What the fuck is she doing?
I can't see shit!
Where the hell did she go?
What the hell?
I don't know where she went!
She's playing with the lights!
Take them out!
Second team, advance!
Someone's messing with the electricity.
Find the power box and take it out.
Also send two men in the front, now!
Copy. On it.
Get in there.
Or you can die here.
You... wait!
Abril, get down!
Officer Troya! Herrera! Ortiz!
Okay.
You want to play?
I'm gonna fucking destroy you.
Say hello to my little friend.
Let's see how you're doing now.
Every last man standing,
enter the house from the rear.
Find the family.
But that fucking gringa is mine.
I'm going to send you to hell!
Bitch!
You fucking gonorrhea,
today is the day you die!
And when I'm done with you...
I'm going to fuck your dead body.
Chago? Enrico? What's going on?
Report at once!
Papa.
Paulina...
My beautiful daughter.
I had the most wonderful dream.
We were at the beach.
I was thirty again.
And we were all there.
Julio... even your mother.
We were singing...
and we were dancing.
We were all happy.
Look, Papa.
Your new grandchild.
It's a boy.
He's going to be a champion.
Did we get those bastards?
Yes, Papa.
We got them all.
Good.
I knew everything would be okay.
Officer Chago is dead.
We lost many men.
Chago is dead.
But the gringa and the family
are dead too.
The gringa and the family are dead.
Officer Enrico. Is that you?
Respond!
Enrico, Enrico. Respond.
I need one of you bastards to respond.
Fuck.
Commander.
So far, no sign of the family,
or the gringa.
They might be under the debris.
It'll take time to clear everything.
No, they are gone.
Some of the officers are missing radios.
Then change the radio frequency.
I didn't realize the San Lucas police
had so many men.
The family is being protected
by a gringa.
I don't know who she is
or where she's from.
But she did all of this.
And she has evidence of the crimes
we've committed for you.
If this goes public...
the San Lucas police department
is finished.
It looks like it already is.
I can offer a reasonable explanation
to the Inspector General,
but I can't afford to lose any more men.
Fine.
You'll have what you need.
This is Bom Bom. He's my best friend.
It's good to have a friend.
Get in quickly.
He's beautiful.
Hold on tight.
It's going to get bumpy.
It's not working!
I'm a survivor... a warrior.
I'm a survivor...
I'm a warrior.
I'm a warrior!
Breaking news.
We've just received exclusive
undercover surveillance video,
capturing San Lucas police officers
and their Chief, Santiago Alcazar,
committing cold blooded murders
for the De La Cruz Cartel.
Warning-- these images are disturbing.
I tried calling her
and she's not picking up!
You know who I am!
So, tell her I'm here!
Commander Santiago.
I didn't answer you because it's stupid.
It's stupid to talk
on the phone right now.
It appears you are a celebrity now.
Yes. And because of me,
you sleep with a clean conscience!
Thank you.
I sleep like a baby.
So what can we do for you?
My family and I have nowhere to go.
We need help leaving the country!
Anywhere we can disappear!
Fine.
You and your family
are welcome to stay here.
I have over 100 armed men
on the premises,
anti-aircraft guns, even tanks.
Nobody will dare come for you here.
Good morning, Miss.
Pardon me, the church is closed.